Terms and Conditions for Samuel Sharp Consulting Apps

Introduction
These App Standard Terms and Conditions written in this document shall manage your use of our app, accessible at apps.samuelsharp.com.

These Terms will be applied fully and affect to your use of this app. By using this app, you agreed to accept all terms and conditions written in here. You must not use this app if you disagree with any of these app Standard Terms and Conditions. These terms and conditions have been generated at Terms And Conditions Sample.com

Intellectual Property Rights
Other than the content you own, under these Terms, Samuel Sharp Consulting Apps and/or its licensors own all the intellectual property rights and materials contained in this app.

You are granted limited license only for purposes of viewing the material contained on this app.

Restrictions
You are specifically restricted from all of the following:

publishing any app material in any other media;
selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any app material;
publicly performing and/or showing any app material;
using this app in any way that is or may be damaging to this app;
using this app in any way that impacts user access to this app;
using this app contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in any way may cause harm to the app, or to any person or business entity;
engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this app;
using this app to engage in any advertising or marketing.
Certain areas of this app are restricted from being access by you and Samuel Sharp Consulting Apps may further restrict access by you to any areas of this app, at any time, in absolute discretion. Any user ID and password you may have for this app are confidential and you must maintain confidentiality as well.

Your Content
In these app Standard Terms and Conditions, "Your Content" shall mean any audio, video text, images or other material you choose to display on this app. By displaying Your Content, you grant Samuel Sharp Consulting Apps a non-exclusive, worldwide irrevocable, sub licensable license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute it in any and all media.

Your Content must be your own and must not be invading any third-party’s rights. Samuel Sharp Consulting Apps reserves the right to remove any of Your Content from this app at any time without notice.

No warranties
This app is provided "as is," with all faults, and Samuel Sharp Consulting Apps express no representations or warranties, of any kind related to this app or the materials contained on this app. Also, nothing contained on this app shall be interpreted as advising you.

Limitation of liability
In no event shall Samuel Sharp Consulting Apps, nor any of its officers, directors and employees, shall be held liable for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this app whether such liability is under contract.  Samuel Sharp Consulting Apps, including its officers, directors and employees shall not be held liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this app.

Indemnification
You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent Samuel Sharp Consulting Apps from and against any and/or all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages and expenses arising in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.

Severability
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid under any applicable law, such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.

Variation of Terms
Samuel Sharp Consulting Apps is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this app you are expected to review these Terms on a regular basis.

Assignment
The Samuel Sharp Consulting Apps is allowed to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification. However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.

Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between Samuel Sharp Consulting Apps and you in relation to your use of this app, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings.

Governing Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of us, and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in us for the resolution of any disputes.


Do you accept the terms of the program? Y/N: 